updates to ROCm section (#8)
mpi-forum/mem-alloc: mem_alloc.tex

    MPI_Init(&argc, &argv);

    // Usage mode: PROVIDED

>     // Determine whether the MPI library supports the
>     // requested memory kinds by querying the MPI_INFO_ENV
>     // info object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Query the MPI_INFO_ENV to determine
    // whether the MPI library provides support for
    // the memory allocation kinds by requested
    // via the MPI startup mechanism
```
